Pardon me?
Qiangsheng Group was destroyed
The first disciple is strong and then extinguishes the long wind
These eight words are the last words left by the perpetrator
Yes hahaha
Kind of interesting.
Yes, Qiangsheng Group is indeed powerful
But
There is no comparison with Changfeng Group at all
You know, I, Changfeng Group, have a wisp of porridge.
30 years
I have never met anyone who dares to speak like this
I see you.
There is no self-awareness.
Hey
Oh, oh, misunderstanding, misunderstanding.
Big misunderstanding
Mr. Lin, I beg you not to be angry
You spared my life.
Willing to pay any price
Cancel the Tianbao mission
Ten times compensation for Cangxue Group
Oh, dear.
You have already spoken, of course there is no problem.
Then I will announce the strong wind group now
Voluntary cancellation of the heavenly list task?
Oh, I have to pay Cangxue Group 100 billion
Raped by you
Tell the six families of Qingzhou
Who dares to mess with modesty?
The end is the same as the sought-after group